[A16] You must
take cover...!
I have been fitted with
an explosive apparatus...
I am programmed to
use it as a last resort.
Do not come
any closer...
I do not wish to catch
you in the blast as well.
[A16]
Cell...!
I know now that
I must rid the world
of your evil presence
regardless of the cost!
[A16]
Aaaaugh!!
[ANNOUNCER]
Aaaah!! Mama...!
Hmm?
[ANNOUNCER]
[HERCULE]
Hmm?
[A16]
Hah?
[YAMCHA]
It didn't go off!
[A16] What
malfunctioned?
Why did
I not explode?!
[KRILLIN] You didn't
know, Sixteen?!
It didn't work...
'cause the bomb's gone!
[A16]
Huh?
♪ opening song ♪
[NARRATOR]
"Tears For An Android!
Gohan's Inner
Rage Bursts Forth!"
[KRILLIN] You used to have a
bomb hidden inside your body...
But Bulma... she told me
that Dr. Briefs found it
when they had
you in for repairs
and he decided
to take it out!
[A16 gasps]
[ROSHI] Bulma--what
he just said...
is it true...?
[BULMA]
Mhmm...
It seemed safer...
[keyboard typing sounds]
[DR. BRIEFS]
Hmmmm...
What's this?
[beep beep]
[DR. BRIEFS] Bulma...
be a dear and scan this area
near the android's
heart for me, would you?
[BULMA]
I'm on it.
[DR. BRIEFS]
It looks like... Hmmm...
It looks like a
self-destruction device...
[BULMA] That bomb is
no ordinary explosive...
He could take out the
whole planet with that thing!
[DR. BRIEFS] Goodness...
Well, it makes sense.
One thing you can
say about Dr. Gero,
the man had a
flair for the extreme.
[BULMA] And I bet that
he meant it for Goku, huh?
[DR. BRIEFS] It'd
be too dangerous
to just leave
it inside of him.
Prep my tools...
That thing is coming out.
[BULMA]
So then...
Dad figured out how to remove
the bomb and disarmed it.
[KRILLIN]
I'm sorry, Sixteen...!
You can't
self-destruct anymore!
[CELL]
Ha ha ha ha...
You big idiot...
Such a shame...
But then...
a mere bomb wouldn't
have been enough
to defeat me anyway...
[BULMA]
Sixteen--no!
[clanking]
[ALL]
Aaahh!!
[CELL] Right, anyone
else wish to try me
or can we move on?
[VEGETA]
Curse you, Cell!
[CELL]
Now, Gohan...
your little heart still
isn't in this fight...
But I will see
your rage set free.
[CELL] One, two, three,
four, five, six, and seven...
Seven fools in all... Right!
[VEGETA] What is that
overgrown insect up to now?!
[PICCOLO] What--What in
the world are those things?!
[ANNOUNCER] More odd
creatures have taken the field!
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven...
Seven of them in all...!
Just what are
these mini-monsters
that have sprung
from Cell's backside?!
What else does
he have in there?!
[MAN A]
Yeah--what are they?!
[MAN B] How'd they
all fit in his back?!
[WOMAN A] They're
simply disgusting!
[MAN C] What if
they're bad as him?!
[CELL JUNIORS laughing]
[CELL] Listen...
my new offspring...
The fools standing on
that ridge are your foes...
Go say hello...
And then... make
them beg for mercy.
[GOHAN gasps]
[CELL]
Now, attack!
[GOKU]
Be careful, guys...!
These little things are
stronger than they look!
[VEGETA]
Says you! Aaaah!
[CELL] Good luck...
You don't have a chance...
They may be small but
they are still my spawn.
[YAMCHA]
Oh, no!
[CELL JUNIOR]
You're too slow!
[ANNOUNCER] Our seven
unnamed contestants
now find themselves
duking it out
against this newly-formed
squad of Cell Juniors!
It's a madhouse
out there...!
It's hard to tell what
exactly is going on,
but suffice it to say
the pain is being brought--
and it appears they
brought enough for everyone!
Whaddya think, Champ...?
Y'heading back in?
[HERCULE]
Huh?!
[ANNOUNCER] Your stomach pain
does seem to have cleared up.
[HERCULE]
Huh?!
[HERCULE sobbing]
Owowowowow!! Owww!
It's excruciating!
I just didn't wanna
keep harping on it!
[ANNOUNCER] Uh...
so it hurts again...?
[HERCULE]
Only a true champion
could keep this kind
of pain bottled up...!
[ANNOUNCER] Gosh...!
How does he do it, folks?
[HERCULE]
Hahahaha!
[ANNOUNCER] Uh...
your stomach?
[HERCULE] Huh? There ya
go reminding me again!
Everything's gettin'
blurry! This is it!
[PIIZA]
Hey, boss?
Want me to go grab
you some medicine?
[HERCULE] No!
Medicine's for wimps!
[KRILLIN]
Goku!
[PICCOLO] Yamcha,
Tien...! Listen up!
Goku used most of his
strength while fighting Cell!
We're gonna need
to back him up!
[PICCOLO]
Yamcha! Duck!
[crash]
[CELL JUNIOR]
Aaaah!!
[crash]
[GOKU] I owe
you guys one...
[TIEN] Let's not start
keeping track of who owes who.
[KRILLIN]
Thanks a lot!
[GOHAN]
Krillin--look out!
[GOHAN] Everyone...
They're in trouble...!
And except for Trunks,
if anything happens,
none of them can
be wished back again
with the Dragon Balls...!
[CELL] Say... Your power
is flaring up a little...
Perfect...
The rage is building up
inside of you Gohan...
You'd better show me
what you're capable of...
Your friends can't
hold out much longer.
Don't be nalve, boy.
Vegeta and Trunks are
barely fending them off.
And your father's
strength has been spent.
He will fall, and soon.
[VEGETA]
Unbelievable!
To think that this runt
would prove me a challenge!
[YAMCHA] Huah!
Ah! Ah! Aaaahhh!!
[GOKU] Guys...
I'm sorry... Forgive me...
I... I never thought that...
that things would
turn out like this...
[GOHAN] They...
they're gonna lose...
All of 'em!
If there really is some awesome
power hidden within me...
I wanna let it out...!
I gotta stop Cell
before it's too late!
[GOHAN] But how...?
How do I release it...?!
How do I get angry enough to
save my dad and my friends?!
Somebody tell me!
[KRILLIN]
Ahh!
[VEGETA] I didn't
come out here
to fight a cheap
knock-off like you!
[CELL JUNIOR]
Hehehehehehe...!
[VEGETA]
Get out of my sight!
That's enooooough!
[CAMERAMAN] We gottta get
while the getting's good...
This ain't no place
for normal folks!
[ANNOUNCER]
Yes... I agree...
We've pushed our luck by
even staying this long...
Let's go before
it's too late.
[PIROZHKI]
Uh, listen, boss...?
I think we
should go with 'em!
[HERCULE]
Ridiculous...!
Since when does the champion
of the world run from a fight?
[CARONI] So... this means
we're staying...? Really?!
[HERCULE]
That's right...!
Just as soon as I've
gone to the hospital
and had this nasty
stomach thing taken care of.
[ALL]
Uhh...
[HERCULE] All right...!
Hospital, I go!
[A16]
W-Wait...
[HERCULE]
Huh...?
[A16]
Over here...
[ANNOUNCER]
Huh...?
[A16]
Please help me.
[ALL]
Aaah!!
[A16] Before you go, please
carry what is left of me
to the boy,
I must speak with him.
[ANNOUNCER]
How're you talking...?!
You're a head!
[A16] Please... do it...
for the... sake of the planet.
[HERCULE] Have you
lost your mind?!
Cell is standing right
next to that kid! Forget it!
[ANNOUNCER]
Yes, agreed...!
No sane person
would just willingly
throw themselves into
harm's way like that!
[A16] You claim
to wear the title
of the World's
Greatest Champion...
Please...
It is still not too late
for you to play the part.
[ANNOUNCER] Everyone
knows Hercule here
is the greatest
human fighter alive...!
But fighting
robots and monsters
is not in the
Champ's job description!
[HERCULE]
What did you say...?!
The Champ's not
scared of nobody!
Man, metal, or monster,
I'll take 'em all on!
After I get back
from the hospital.
[A16] Be a...
champion...
[PIIZA] Let's just
go already, Hercule!
Those party-crashers
aren't your probem!
Come on!
[PIROZHKI] She's right!
What're we waiting for?!
[CARONI] Yes--and don't
forget your stomach!
[ANNOUNCER]
It's now or never...!
[HERCULE] Fine...!
Let's do it, Head!
[HERCULE] If I run now I'm a
world champion laughing stalk.
[ANNOUNCER]
You are so brave...
[HERCULE] I...
just have to get you
close to the kid,
you said, right?
[A16] Close...
Correct.
[HERCULE] You made
it sound so easy?!
[A16] Throw me to him,
once you are within range.
[HERCULE] Oh,
I will! Trust me!
[GOHAN]
No...! Stop!
[GOHAN] Please, I'm
begging you to stop this...!
[CELL]
Heh heh heh...
[CELL] One last push should
send him over the edge.
[CELL] Heed me,
my little ones!
You've had your play-time.
Now dispose of
these week fools!
[GOHAN]
Aaaaahhh!!
Grrrrr!!
[CELL] Just a
little more, now...
You're almost there...
[CELL] Do it...!
Make them suffer!
[HERCULE] All right...
here goes nothing...!
[GOHAN] Huh...?
Android 16...?
[HERCULE] That's no good!
I threw him too hard!
[A16] Gohan...
listen to me...
[A16] There
are some foes...
who cannot be
reasoned with...
You are allowed... to fight
on the side of justice.
Seize upon your anger...
Wield it like a weapon...
I understand
your reluctance...
but holding it
in is pointless.
[CELL] That's
sound advice.
Better than I expected
from an appliance.
But I'd rather tear
the rage out of him.
[A16] Gohan... I...
loved the animals...
and everything about nature.
Protect them for me...
[A16]
They need you.
[crash]
[CELL] It's time to can
it... you worthless scrap.
[PICCOLO]
Gohan...?!
[NARRATOR] Finally, pushed to
his breaking point by Cell,
Gohan lets his
anger boil over,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ ending song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey--it's me, Goku!
Like father, like son, eh?
Anger made me
stronger, too!
[PICCOLO] That's really Gohan?
I can't believe it...!
[TRUNKS] I know
what you mean--
and to think it was
Sixteen getting destroyed
that finally put
him over the edge.
[GOKU] He was alive, too,
in his own way, y'know.
Next time on
Dragon Ball Z Kai:
"Unleash the Warrior Within!
Gohan Takes the Offensive!"
[GOHAN] Sixteen, I'm not
gonna hold back any more...!